docs: added DDOS documentation (#426)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis: docs/README.md

# Features of IBM Cloud Internet Service (CIS) services

IBM Cloud Internet Services (CIS), powered by Cloudflare, provides security, reliability and performance for customers running their business on IBM Cloud. The CIS module incorporates several submodules such as domain, dns, glb and waf to configure enhanced security and reliability for a CIS instance. Through this module, you can configure the domain, manage DNS records, set up a global load balancer, activate the Web Application Firewall (WAF), and perform other tasks. For more information see, [About IBM Cloud Internet Services](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-about-ibm-cloud-internet-services-cis)

## About the CIS submodules

> 

Author: I have added a little overview of the section.

### Domain submodule

The [domain submodule](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/blob/main/modules/domain/) provides the Terraform resources that are required to add and configure a domain in a CIS instance. For more information, see [Domain lifecycle concepts](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-domain-lifecycle-concepts).

After this module run successfully, the status of the domain that is configured in the CIS instance is set to `pending`. You then configure the name servers that are assigned to the domain at the DNS provider or registrar. You can find the assigned name servers in the `name_servers` variable of the module output. The status changes to `active` after the name servers are configured correctly at the DNS provider or registrar.

### DNS submodule

The [Domain name system (DNS) submodule](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/tree/main/modules/dns) provides the Terraform resources to create and manage DNS records in a CIS instance. For more information, see [Setting up your Domain Name System for CIS](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-set-up-your-dns-for-cis).

> If you add a SRV record, it is stored as `_service._proto.record_name.domain_name TTL class type of record priority weight port target`. This is true even though the record name is provided in the variable. For more information, see  [What is a DNS SRV record?](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/learning/dns/dns-records/dns-srv-record/).

Author: Made the changes as per the pronunciation.

This means that when you run a `terraform plan` command after a successful `terraform apply`, the output shows that the `ttl` value requires an update, as shown in the following example. However, your infrastructure will not be affected and you can ignore that message.

```
# module.cis_glb[0].ibm_cis_global_load_balancer.cis_glb will be updated in-place
    ~ resource "ibm_cis_global_load_balancer" "cis_glb" {
        id               = "xxx:crn:v1:bluemix:public:internet-svcs:global:a/xxxe:xxx509::"
        name             = "glb.***.com"
        ~ ttl              = 0 -> 60
```

### WAF submodule

The [Web Application Firewall (WAF) submodule](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/blob/main/modules/waf/) provides the Terraform resources to turn WAF on and off. CIS includes the default rule sets for WAF: the [OWASP rule set](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-waf-settings#owasp-rule-set-for-waf) and the [CIS rule set](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-waf-settings#cis-ruleset-for-waf). You can either enable or disable the WAF with these default rule sets.

> ##  Activating DDOS protection

Reviewer: Because this is at the same level as the submodules, I wonder if it deserves to go before that H2 section. My thinking is that DDos protection is more important to know than the submodules. 

But I'll leave that to you.

Author: I have moved the DDoS section up since it is more important than the submodule.

> # IBM Cloud Internet Service (CIS)

Author: Modified the title as per what seemed appropriate.

IBM Cloud Internet Services, powered by Cloudflare, provides security, reliability and performance for customers running their business on IBM Cloud. Through CIS, you have the ability to manage the domain, configure DNS records, set up a global load balancer, activate the Web Application Firewall (WAF), and perform other tasks related to your domain. For more information see, [About IBM Cloud Internet Services](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-about-ibm-cloud-internet-services-cis).

> ## Domain

Author: Made the changes.

The [domain submodule](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/blob/main/modules/domain/) provides the terraform resources required to add and configure a domain in a CIS instance. After the module run successfully-

* The status of the domain that is configured in the CIS instance is set to `pending`.
* Configure the name servers that are assigned to the domain at the DNS provider or registrar and then find the assigned name servers in the `name_servers` variable of the module output.
* The status of the domain changes to `active` after the name servers are configured correctly at the DNS provider or registrar.

> For more information, see [Domain lifecycle concepts](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-domain-lifecycle-concepts).

Author: I have made the required changes.

            }

## Global Load Balancer(GLB)

The [glb submodule](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/blob/main/modules/glb/) provides terraform resources to create and manage global load balancers in a CIS instance. It also allows to configure health checks, origin pools and proxy settings. For more information see [global load balancer concepts](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-global-load-balancer-glb-concepts).

When `glb_proxied` is set as `true`, then `ttl` is automatically set and cannot be updated.

This means that when you run a `terraform plan` command after a successful `terraform apply`, the output shows that the `ttl` value requires an update, as shown in the following example. However, your infrastructure will not be affected and you can ignore that message.

```
# module.cis_glb[0].ibm_cis_global_load_balancer.cis_glb will be updated in-place
    ~ resource "ibm_cis_global_load_balancer" "cis_glb" {
        id               = "xxx:crn:v1:bluemix:public:internet-svcs:global:a/xxxe:xxx509::"
        name             = "glb.***.com"
        ~ ttl              = 0 -> 60
```

## Web Application Firewall(WAF)

> The [WAF submodule](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/blob/main/modules/waf/) provides the terraform resources to enable and disable WAF with the default rule sets: [OWASP](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-waf-settings#owasp-rule-set-for-waf) and [CIS](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-waf-settings#cis-ruleset-for-waf) in an IBM Cloud CIS instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [WAF submodule](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/blob/main/modules/waf/) provides the terraform resources to enable and disable WAF. CIS provides a default rule sets for WAF: [OWASP rule set](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-waf-settings#owasp-rule-set-for-waf) and [CIS rule set](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-waf-settings#cis-ruleset-for-waf). At this time, this module allows you to either enable or disable the WAF with the default rule sets.
```

> ##  Distributed Denial of Service(DDOS)
> 
> To activate the DDoS protection the following conditions must be met-
> 
>   * The domain must be active.
>   * The global load balancer(GLB) or DNS records needs to be proxied as mentioned in the [documentation](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-about-ibm-cloud-internet-services-cis).
> 
> > The CIS provides DDoS protection by proxying traffic for some specific types of DNS records, such as `A`, `AAAA`, and `CNAME` records as mentioned [here](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cli?topic=cli-cis-cli#dns-record).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##  Activating DDOS protection

CIS can provide protection against distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks by proxying traffic for some types of DNS records, such as `A`, `AAAA`, and `CNAME` records. For more information, see the [DNS record](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cli?topic=cli-cis-cli#dns-record) section of the CIS CLI reference.

Activating DDoS protection requires that you set the following conditions:

  * The domain must be active.
  * The global load balancer( GLB) or DNS records must be proxied. 
  
      For more information proxy options, see [About IBM Cloud Internet Services](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-about-ibm-cloud-internet-services-cis).
```

# IBM Cloud Internet Service (CIS)

> IBM Cloud Internet Services, powered by Cloudflare, provides a fast, highly performant, reliable, and secure internet service for customers running their business on IBM Cloud. The CIS provides security, reliabilty and performance features to configure for your domain such as web application firewall (WAF), distributed denial of service (DDoS), global load balancing (GLB) and domain name system(DNS). For more information see, [About IBM Cloud Internet Services](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-about-ibm-cloud-internet-services-cis).

Reviewer 2: First line as:
`IBM Cloud Internet Services, powered by Cloudflare, provides security, reliability....`

## Domain

> The [domain module](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/blob/main/modules/domain/) provides the terraform resources required to add and configure a domain in a CIS instance. After the module run successfully-

Reviewer 2: we should say `submodule`  as we mention the same in main readme.
Need to change other places too.

* The status of the domain that is configured in the CIS instance is set to `pending`.
* You then configure the name servers that are assigned to the domain at the DNS provider or registrar.
* You can find the assigned name servers in the `name_servers` variable of the module output.

> * The status changes to `active` after the name servers are configured correctly at the DNS provider or registrar.

Reviewer 2: status -> status of the domain

For more information, see [Domain lifecycle concepts](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-domain-lifecycle-concepts).

## Global Load Balancer(GLB)

The global load balancing service efficiently allocates your traffic among numerous servers by utilizing a blend of origin pools, health checks, and a load balancer. Global load balancing encompasses the following functionalities:
- Load balancing options with both proxy and non-proxy configurations.
- Utilization of origin pools and health checks.

> The [glb module](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/blob/main/modules/glb/) provides terraform resources to create and manage global load balancers in a CIS instance. It also allows to configure health checks and other settings. For more information see [global load balancer concepts](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-global-load-balancer-glb-concepts).

Reviewer 2: `health checks and other settings` - be specific what other settings.

> * The module runs without any error but when `glb_proxied` is set as `true`, then `ttl` is automatically set and cannot be updated.

Reviewer 2: I wont say that module gives error when glb_proxied is true.
So use the same line as it was.

> * This means that when you run a `terraform plan` command after a successful `terraform apply`, the output shows that the `ttl` value requires an update, as shown in the following example. However, your infrastructure will not be affected.

Reviewer 2: you can add here too - `You can ignore that message.`

    ```
    # module.cis_glb[0].ibm_cis_global_load_balancer.cis_glb will be updated in-place
    ~ resource "ibm_cis_global_load_balancer" "cis_glb" {
        id               = "xxx:crn:v1:bluemix:public:internet-svcs:global:a/xxxe:xxx509::"
        name             = "glb.***.com"
        ~ ttl              = 0 -> 60
    ```

## Domain Name System(DNS)

> The Domain Name System (DNS) translates user-friendly website names into computer-readable numerical IP addresses. For more information see, [DNS concepts](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-dns-concepts).

Reviewer 2: This is not required.

Author: Removed it.

The [DNS module](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/tree/main/modules/dns) provides the terraform resource for creating and managing DNS records in a CIS instance. This inclues the ability to create dns records such as `A`, `CNAME`, `AAAA`, `SRV`, `CAA` other types of [DNS records](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-set-up-your-dns-for-cis) in a CIS instance.

> Some of the limitations of the dns-module is as follows:

Reviewer 2: This line is not required.

Author: Removed the line 41.

            # (13 unchanged attributes hidden)
            }

* If you add a CAA record, a `flags` parameter is returned in the data object. The work is being tracked in `IBM-Cloud/terraform-provider-ibm` [issue 4792](https://github.com/IBM-Cloud/terraform-provider-ibm/issues/4792).

* The returned `flags` parameter means that when you run a `terraform plan` command after a successful `terraform apply`, the output shows that the DNS record requires an update, as shown in the following example. You can ignore that message. Your infrastructure will not be affected.

        # module.cis_dns_records.ibm_cis_dns_record.dns_records["test-exmple.caa/CAA"] will be updated in-place
        ~ resource "ibm_cis_dns_record" "dns_records" {
            ~ data        = {
                - "flags" = "0" -> null
                    # (2 unchanged elements hidden)
                }
                id        = "fcef7410xxxxxxbad23c5fd0e7581b7c:7e66xxxxxecc7e12ac908ca75445ad21:crn:v1:bluemix:public:internet-svcs:global:a/abac0df06b644axxxxx6e44f55b3880e:06240432-xxxx-40e7-9f9c-594dfbdfe208::"
                # (12 unchanged attributes hidden)
            }

## Web Application Firewall(WAF)

> A Web Application Firewall (WAF) safeguards web applications by scrutinizing and overseeing HTTP traffic that flows between a web application and the internet. WAF is implemented through two rule sets: [OWASP](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-waf-settings#owasp-rule-set-for-waf) and [CIS](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-waf-settings#cis-ruleset-for-waf). For more information see, [Web Application Firewall concepts](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-waf-q-and-a).

Reviewer 2: Not required.

> Currently, the [waf module](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/blob/main/modules/waf/) provides terraform resources to enable and disable WAF with default policies in a CIS instance.

Reviewer 2: The [WAF submodule](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/blob/main/modules/waf/) provides the terraform resources to enable and disable WAF with the default policies (you can provide ruleset names here....what it shows on dashboard) in a CIS instance.

default policies -> check it out if word used is policies or rulesets.

##  Distributed Denial of Service(DDOS)

> A distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack is a malicious attempt to disrupt normal traffic of a server, service, or network by overwhelming the target or its surrounding infrastructure with a flood of internet traffic. IBM Cloud Internet Service(CIS) provides unlimited DDoS mitigation without any additional cost. To activate the DDoS protection the following conditions must be met-

Reviewer 2: Not required. You can directly start with - `to activate.....`

  * The domain must be active.
  * The global load balancer(GLB) or DNS records needs to be proxied as mentioned in the [documentation](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cis?topic=cis-about-ibm-cloud-internet-services-cis).

>   * In case of DNS records, CIS module only proxies traffic for `A`, `AAAA`, and `CNAME` records as described [here](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cli?topic=cli-cis-cli#dns-record).

Reviewer 2: the last point requires rewording...as it is not indicating that how it is related to DDoS?
